[DOCS] Add a section explaining why Authelia is open source. (#1134)
authelia/authelia: README.md

See [BREAKING](./BREAKING.md).

## Why Open Source?

> You might wonder why Authelia is open source while it adds a great deal of security and user experience to your infrastructure at zero cost. It is open source because we firmly believe that security should be available for all to benefit in the face the battlefield which is the Internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might wonder why Authelia is open source while it adds a great deal of security and user experience to your infrastructure at zero cost.
It is open source because we firmly believe that security should be available for all to benefit in the face the battlefield which is the Internet
```

with near zero effort.

> Additionally, keeping the code open source is a way to leave it auditable by anyone who is willing to contribute. This way, you can be confident

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Additionally, keeping the code open source is a way to leave it auditable by anyone who is willing to contribute. This way, you can be confident
```

> that the product remains secure and does not act maliciously. It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the product remains secure and does not act maliciously.
It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the
```

See [BREAKING](./BREAKING.md).

## Why Open Source?

You might wonder why Authelia is open source while it adds a great deal of security and user experience to your infrastructure at zero cost.
It is open source because we firmly believe that security should be available for all to benefit in the face the battlefield which is the Internet
with near zero effort.

Additionally, keeping the code open source is a way to leave it auditable by anyone who is willing to contribute. This way, you can be confident
that the product remains secure and does not act maliciously.

> It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the
```

If you want to contribute to Authelia, check the documentation available
[here](https://docs.authelia.com/contributing/).

> Remember that Authelia exists thanks to all the people who contribute so don't be shy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authelia exists thanks to all the people who contribute so don't be shy,
```

come chat with us on [Matrix](#matrix) and start contributing too. [[Contribute](./CONTRIBUTING.md)].
<a href="https://github.com/authelia/authelia/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/authelia-sponsors/contributors.svg?width=890" /></a>

## Why Open Source?

> You might wonder why Authelia is open source while it adds a great deal of security and user experience to your infrastructure at zero cost. It is open source because we deeply think that security should be brought to the crowd in order for everyone to be prepared to face the battlefield of the Internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might wonder why Authelia is open source while it adds a great deal of security and user experience to your infrastructure at zero cost. It is open source because we firmly believe that security should be available for all to benefit in the face the battlefield which is the Internet
```

with near zero effort.

> Moreover, keeping the code open source is a way to leave it auditable by anyone who is willing to contribute. That way, it makes everyone confident

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, keeping the code open source is a way to leave it auditable by anyone who is willing to contribute. This way, you can be confident
```

> that the product remains secure and not doing crazy stuff under the hood. It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the product remains secure and does not act maliciously. It's important to keep in mind Authelia is not directly exposed on the
```

> Internet (your reverse proxies are) but it's still the control plane for your internal security so it's worth taking care of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internet (your reverse proxies are) however, it's still the control plane for your internal security so take care of it!
```
